This privacy policy governs your use of the open source software 'BuddySuite', a collection of command line and
graphical tools for use by those engaged in bioinformatics research.

Section 1: Limitations and scope of this policy
This policy only applies to the official release versions of the software listed at
https://github.com/biologyguy/BuddySuite/releases; pre-release (i.e., 'alpha' or 'beta') versions will also adhere to
sections 3 and 4 below, but may transmit a greater amount of information, including potentially personally identifiable
information, to the developers. This policy is void for any forks or otherwise altered versions of BuddySuite created or
maintained by third parties.

Section 2: Collection of personal information
It is recommended that you provide a valid email address upon installation, and BuddySuite will collect usage statistics
and crash reports for transmission to the developers if you opt into our software improvement program (SIP). Personally
identifiable information will be removed from any data submitted through the SIP. All personal information submitted to
BuddySuite is optional, and is not required to use the tools unless otherwise required by third party serves accessed by
BuddySuite (see section 4).

Section 3: Use of personal information
We will only use personal information to contact you with important information pertaining to BuddySuite or as
required by law. Aggregated data collected through the SIP will be used to improve the software by identifying problems
to be addressed by our developers and to focus our attention on the tools receiving the greatest use.

Section 4: Sharing personal information with third parties
We will share your information with third parties only in the ways that are described in this privacy statement, and we
reserve the right to amend this statement in the future if functionality is added to BuddySuite that requires further
personal information to be shared.
Your email address may be transmitted to the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) if BuddySuite is used
to access their services; they will use this information to contact you if you violate their usage limits, as stipulated
at http://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/books/NBK25497/#chapter2.Frequency_Timing_and_Registrati.
We may also disclose user provided and automatically collected information:
    - as required by law, such as to comply with a subpoena, or similar legal process;
    - when we believe in good faith that disclosure is necessary to protect our rights, protect your safety or the
      safety of others, investigate fraud, or respond to a government request;
    - with our trusted services providers who work on our behalf, do not have an independent use of the information we
      disclose to them, and have agreed to adhere to the rules set forth in this privacy statement.
